Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Is that you on the beach?
- Oh. no. no. That's my... That's my mom.
Yeah. She came to this beach when
she found out she was pregnant with me.
I've never been.
but... it's kind of our beach.
That's my little sister.
You want to see more photos? I can...
It's only for your eyes.
Real. Authentic.
You're right.
Thank you.
Sorry. I'm American.
Not too many gringos here.
Yeah. bummer.
- She's not coming?
- Who?
My friend. You know. mi Amiga.
You know. the girl we left
back at the hotel?
You know. she smelled like Don Julio...
and bad choices?
She always does this to me. too.
She just... she just disappears.
She's like the fantasmo. no?
You know. you know fantasmo?
- Fantasma. con "A."
- Sí. con "A."
The whole reason I planned
to come on this trip. con "A."
was to find the secret beach.
And now she's just stuck back
at Las Rocas with the Irish flu.
Nursing a hangover.
Sí. Major hangover.
You don't like it when someone
change your plans. do you?
No. I don't.
No. I don't. It's just. you know.
It's not fair.
You know why. though?
It's because I'm reliable.
You know "reliable"?
"Reliable."
Bossy.
I am re-li-able.
Yes. bossy.
That's me.
Very bossy.
Hey... what is this beach called?
You're not gonna tell me. Cool.
Cool. Frio.
Not possible.
It's too hot here.
No. no. you're cool. You're being cool.
Oh. never mind. that's good.
All right. I got it.
Is this the one?
Sí.
This is paradise.
Yeah. It's perfect.
This is the island of the pregnant woman...
No?
La Isla?
No.
Yes...
The nose... the breasts... and her stomach.
No.
Yes. it is for me.
Gracias.
Gracias. señor...
- No. no. no. Por favor.
- No. please.
Please. Please. I insist.
No. we were going the same way.
I live close by. so... don't worry.
Oh. are you sure?
- Yes.
- Okay. Well. thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm Nancy.
- Carlos. Charlie.
- Nice to meet you. Charlie.
Nice to meet you.
You know. have. high school.
You're in school?
No.
I mean. I was in medical school.
but we didn't have Spanish there.
just cadavers. I'll shut up now.
Okay. dark in a few hours. so...
Oh. I never surf at night.
And... how you getting out from here?
Uber.
Who is Uber?
Never mind. Thank you. Carlos.
Thank you again for taking me here.
- It means a lot to me.
- Okay.
What did you say the name of it was again.
though? I just forgot for some reason.
Careful.
Always.
Hey!
You speaking Spanish. guera?
I don't understand. I'm sorry.
He say that it is hard
to paddle against the current.
Yeah. I wasn't expecting that.
I almost got caught
on the inside coming out.
- You American?
- Okay.
Sí. Sí. American. Yeah!
California?
Close. Texas.
There's surf in Texas?
Yes. we have surf in Texas.
It's just not like this. though.
Hey. this is a secret break.
How you find it?
Someone told me about it a while ago.
What's it called?
If I tell you. I would have to kill you!
Well. that would ruin my day.
Anything gnarly out here
I should know about?
There's some rocks over there!
There's only one tide a day.
and when the tide gets low.
it becomes an island.
There's some nasty fire coral.
It stings like a jellyfish.
Okay! Gracias.
Sí...
Hey...
Still have no idea what you're saying.
He's saying that you should
come over here.
The wave breaks better.
Oh. I'm okay. I'm okay.
I'm cool here. thank you.
Careful. gringa.
It's rough out here
for a little girl from Texas.
I think I'll be all right.
¡Vámonos! ¡Vámonos!
Yeah!
- Short crop?
- Hey!
- Guess where I am?
- Tijuana.
Oh. my God. No way.
Mom's beach. right?
It's just as beautiful as she said it was.
I wish you were here.
I wish she was here.
Does that mean you're alone?
Well. I wasn't gonna come all this way just
to wuss out because I lost my plus-one.
That's how you wind up
on Nancy Grace. okay?
Excuse me. I am supposed to be
the boring. overprotective sister.
You are supposed to be the fun one.
Sis. the surf here. it's insane.
You would not believe
the perfect tube I just caught.
I could shoot tubes just as good as you.
if you would just take me out!
I'll take you.
I'll take you out as soon as I get back.
I love you. sister-mama.
- I love you. too. short crop.
- Is that Nancy?
- It's Dad.
- Just tell him it's all fine. okay?
- Love you. Bye.
- No. it's. it's a friend.
Hey. Nance. don't hang up.
Give me the phone. Chloe.
Hey!
Hey. Papa.
Hey. sweet pea.
Where now?
Mexico.
I don't know what to say. Nance.
I'm at a loss.
- I don't. I don't. I can't understand...
- I don't expect you to.
Well. help me out. then.
I don't know. What do you...
what do you want me to say?
Well. say you're coming back.
Say you're not dropping out of med school
after all this time. after all this work.
- You know. just don't quit.
- Okay. Dad.
That's enough. Can we just
not do this right now. please?
It's what you love. You help people.
Well. not everyone can be helped. Dad.
You know that.
Don't do that.
Don't make this about her.
What else would it be about?
If you want to make this about her.
then you stay in it.
She was a fighter.
It's just she fought too hard. Dad.
You know? And for what?
It all ended the same.
Just come back. Nancy.
Please.
I gotta go. okay? I'll see you soon.
When?
- When?
- I don't know.
Nance.
I love you. Bye.
Yeah. girl. it's getting late.
Let's go in.
I'm gonna catch one last one. Thanks.
Okay.
- Nice meeting you guys.
- See you later. guera.
Buenas noches.
No!
Help!
Hey!
Help me! Help me!
I'm here!
I'm here! Help!
Yes. Yeah.
Here!
Here! Here!
No!
Help!
Please. help me!
Come back!
Oh. God...
Oh. no. no. no. Where are you taking me?
Too far.
Okay...
Okay.
You're not gonna feel a thing. ma'am.
I just put some Novocain injections
to... numb the area. so...
you're just gonna feel
a little pressure. but...
you're not gonna feel the stitches. okay?
Okay?
Tie off the suture.
Oh. yeah. That's a nice...
That's a nice union.
One more. and then we'll send you
on your way.
Okay. Here we go.
Okay.
Okay. ma'am. nice clean wrap.
Get in line. buddy.
Just keep it elevated. ma'am.
Someone's coming.
Okay. okay. You're gonna be fine.
There we go.
Gotta get some blood flowing.
Let's loosen this tourniquet for you.
Come on. Come on.
There we go.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. you get two minutes of blood flow.
Okay...
Compression bandage.
Are you still out there?
Stay!
Good bird.
Hello!
Hey!
Yeah. Yeah!
Help me!
Turn around! Come on!
Hello!
Hey! Help!
Help me!
Yeah! Hey! Hey!
Help!
Call for help!
Wait. wait. wait. wait. My backpack.
My backpack! It's over there!
Yes! Yes! Over there!
¡Teléfono!
Please. go get it!
Yes! Yes!
Yes!
Open! Inside!
Inside. the teléfono!
Telephone. please. hurry!
Come on!
Please. Please.
Hurry!
No.
No. no. no.
No!
No. come back!
Come back. you can have it!
You can have it! Come back!
Come back! Please!
Please. help me!
Please!
No.
No. there's a shark!
A shark!
Wait! It's okay!
Just don't go!
No! There's a shark!
Stop!
No!
Shark!
Shut up.
Shut up!
Stop!
Stop! Get out of the water!
Get out of the water!
Get out!
Stop!
Go back!
Shark!
Don't worry about it!
There's no sharks here!
Stop! Stop!
Get out of the water!
Get out!
Go back! Get help!
Come on! Come on!
Come on. come on! Swim!
Come on! Come on. come on. swim!
Come on!
Come on! I got you!
I got you! Come on! Come on!
Come on!
Come on! I got you!
I got you! Come on!
Come on.
You're okay.
I'm helping you. little buddy.
Let me see you.
I'm not very good at ortho.
but it just looks like a dislocation.
Like a separated shoulder.
I think it's the same.
We'll see. huh?
I'm just gonna do this quick. okay?
It's gonna hurt just for a second.
and then you're gonna be okay.
On three. Ready?
One...
two... three.
I think we did it.
Hey. hey. hey!
That's a terrible way to say thank you.
Now you've got a chance. huh?
And here comes the tide.
Camera.
That's the third time.
I got you.
32 seconds from the whale to the rock.
Fuck!
¡Ayuda! ¡Ayuda!
Come on. I got you!
I got you!
I got you! I got you!
Come on!
Hold on!
Someone got you.
30. 40 yards.
One-minute swim.
I can make that.
I need a head start.
This is Nancy Adams.
It's April 26. 2016.
If you find this.
please send help right away.
I've been attacked by a shark.
He's killed three other people
since I got here.
He's still circling. so...
He's got this big old whale over here.
but that's the problem.
I swam right up onto his feeding ground.
I've been bitten pretty deeply
into my... my gastroc and quad muscles.
I have a deep gash running vertically
down my medial thigh.
and then it turns lateral.
just above my knee.
And right here. there's one going
across my. my posterior calf.
I'm losing a lot of blood.
Gangrene is setting in.
I feel like I'm losing my strength.
I don't think I have much time.
The island I'm on is gonna be taken
by the tide in a few minutes.
I'm about 200 yards off the shore.
On this beach.
I never found out what it was called.
So...
This is useless.
There's a buoy.
which I'm gonna try to swim to.
about 30 or 40 yards away.
So. yeah. that's...
That's the plan.
If you find this. can you just...
Can you just delete that first part.
and send it to:
10231 Oliver Crescent Drive.
Galveston. Texas.
That's my home. That's where my...
That's where my dad and sister live.
Yeah.
Hey. Pop. Hey. Chlo.
I finally got that alone time.
Super overrated.
I mean. I'm not totally alone.
I got this little dude.
Steven Seagull here. keeping me company.
Show 'em your wing.
I fixed him for you. Chlo.
I just don't want you guys to worry.
and I don't want you to feel...
you know. bad or anything. 'cause...
I love you so much.
and I miss you more than I ever...
I ever even realized I could.
Dad. I gotta get off this rock soon.
but I want you to know I'm gonna fight.
I am.
Just like she taught us.
You were right.
I love you.
I love you so much.
Time to go.
It's okay. It's okay.
You got it. Good job.
You're gonna make it. buddy.
You're okay.
Okay. Okay.
Shit.
Oh. you're kidding me.
You didn't like that.
'cause it stings like jellyfish.
This is my head start.
Come on...
Come on!
Okay...
No. no. no. come back.
Come back.
Come on.
This is Nancy Adams.
It's April 26. 2016.
If you find this.
please send help right away.
I've been attacked by a shark.
He's killed three other people
since I got here.
I'm losing a lot of blood.
I feel like I'm losing my strength.
I love you more. short crop.
I'll be home soon.
No way. Mom's beach. right?
Not everyone can be helped.
I don't want you to feel. you know.
bad or anything.
I gotta go. Dad. I'll see you later.
- Hey. sweet pea. ...She was a fighter.
- I could shoot tubes...
I'm gonna fight. just like she taught us.
No!
Where are you?
Fuck you.
Oh. shit.
No... no!
No!
¡Miguel!
¡Papá! ¡Papá!
¡Órale!
¡Ándale! ¡Ándale!
Relax. Relax.
Breathe. Breathe!
I'm okay.
Ready to get wet. Dr. Adams?
Well. we'll see about that.
Nancy...
Ma would be proud of you.
Both of you.
Thanks. Papa. Time to go.
Do you think I'll ever be as good as you?
No.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today